Adds worker documentation (#8728)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/concepts/work-pools.md

    - concurrency limits
---

> # Agents, Workers Work Pools, & Work Queues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Work Pools, Workers, & Agents
```

Reviewer: Lets use this as an opportunity to de-emphasize work queues as a top level concept and emphasize the work pool as the primary concept.

> Agents and work pools bridge the Prefect _orchestration environment_ with your _execution environment_. When a [deployment](/concepts/deployments/) creates a flow run, it is submitted to a specific work pool for scheduling. Agents running in the execution environment poll their respective work pools for new runs to execute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Work pools and the processes poll them, workers and agents, bridge the Prefect _orchestration environment_ with your _execution environment_. When a [deployment](/concepts/deployments/) creates a flow run, it is submitted to a specific work pool for scheduling. A worker or agent running in the execution environment polls its respective work pool for new runs to execute.
```

    - concurrency limits
---

# Work Pools, Workers, & Agents

> Work pools and the processes poll them, workers and agents, bridge the Prefect _orchestration environment_ with your _execution environment_. When a [deployment](/concepts/deployments/) creates a flow run, it is submitted to a specific work pool for scheduling. A worker or agent running in the execution environment polls its respective work pool for new runs to execute.

Reviewer 2: "processes" seems overloaded for this area
```suggestion
Work pools and the services that poll them, workers and agents, bridge the Prefect _orchestration environment_ with your _execution environment_. When a [deployment](/concepts/deployments/) creates a flow run, it is submitted to a specific work pool for scheduling. A worker or agent running in the execution environment polls its respective work pool for new runs to execute.
```

On success, the command returns the details of the newly created work pool, which can then be used to start agents that poll this pool for work or perform additional configuration of the pool.

#### Base Job Configuration <span class="badge beta"></span>

> When work pools are created via the UI with a worker type, the base job configuration of the work pool can be modified. The base job configuration are attributes that are specific to a given worker type and allow customization of the default behavior of the worker when executing a flow run. These attributes can then be overridden on a deployment with the `infra_overrides` parameter.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When work pools are created via the UI with a worker type, the base job configuration of the work pool can be modified. Base job configuration attributes are specific to each worker type and allow customization of the default behavior of the worker when executing a flow run. These attributes can be overridden on a deployment with the `infra_overrides` parameter.
```

> When work pools are created via the UI with a worker type, the base job configuration of the work pool can be modified. The base job configuration are attributes that are specific to a given worker type and allow customization of the default behavior of the worker when executing a flow run. These attributes can then be overridden on a deployment with the `infra_overrides` parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When work pools are created with a worker type, the base job configuration of the work pool can be modified. The base job configuration attributes are specific to a given worker type and allow customization of the default behavior of the worker when executing a flow run. These attributes can then be overridden on a deployment with the `infra_overrides` parameter.
```

> For example, the `ProcessWorker` has a 'Working Directory' field that allows customization of the directory in which flow runs are executed. If a work pool set the default working directory to `/tmp`, then all flow runs executed by the `ProcessWorker` would execute in `/tmp`. If a deployment wanted to override this behavior, it could set the `working_dir` attribute in the `infra_overrides` parameter to a different directory.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, the `ProcessWorker` has a 'Working Directory' field that allows customization of the directory in which flow runs are executed. If a work pool set the default working directory to `/tmp`, then all flow runs executed by the `ProcessWorker` would execute in `/tmp`. If you wanted to override this behavior in a deployment , set the `working_dir` attribute in the `infra_overrides` parameter to a different directory.
```

### Viewing work pools

> At any time, users can see and edit configured work pools in the Prefect UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can see and edit configured work pools in the Prefect UI.
```

On success, the command returns the details of the newly created work pool, which can then be used to start agents that poll this pool for work or perform additional configuration of the pool.

> #### Base Job Configuration <span class="badge beta"></span>

Reviewer 2: Once you get down to H4 it can be pretty small, might want to make sure this renders well.

When work pools are created with a worker type, the base job configuration of the work pool can be modified. The base job configuration attributes are specific to a given worker type and allow customization of the default behavior of the worker when executing a flow run. These attributes can then be overridden on a deployment with the `infra_overrides` parameter.

> For example, the `ProcessWorker` has a 'Working Directory' field that allows customization of the directory in which flow runs are executed. If a work pool set the default working directory to `/tmp`, then all flow runs executed by the `ProcessWorker` would execute in `/tmp`. If you wanted to override this behavior in a deployment , set the `working_dir` attribute in the `infra_overrides` parameter to a different directory.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For example, the `ProcessWorker` has a 'Working Directory' field that allows customization of the directory in which flow runs are executed. If a work pool set the default working directory to `/tmp`, then all flow runs executed by the `ProcessWorker` would execute in `/tmp`. If you wanted to override this behavior for a deployment, you would set the `working_dir` attribute in the `infra_overrides` parameter to a different directory.
```

> 

Reviewer 4: It could be nice to include an example of this using `Deployment.build_from_flow()` or something but maybe that's excessive

### Local debugging
As long as your deployment's infrastructure block supports it, you can use work pools to temporarily send runs to an agent running on your local machine for debugging by running `prefect agent start -p my-local-machine` and updating the deployment's work pool to `my-local-machine`.

## Workers Overview <span class="badge beta"></span>

!!! warning "Workers are a beta feature"
    Workers are a beta feature and are subject to change in future releases.

> Workers are lightweight polling services that retrieve scheduled work from a work pool and execute the corresponding flow runs. Workers are similar to agents but offer greater configurability and the ability to route work to specific execution environments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Workers are lightweight polling services that retrieve scheduled work from a work pool and execute the corresponding flow runs. Workers are similar to agents, but offer greater configurability and the ability to route work to specific execution environments.
```

Workers each have a type corresponding to the execution environment to which they will submit flow runs. Workers are only able to join work pools of the same type. As a result, when deployments are assigned to a work pool, you know in which execution environment scheduled flow runs for that deployment will be scheduled.

### Worker Options

Workers are configured to pull work from one or more queues within a work pool. If the worker references a work queue that doesn't exist, it will be created automatically. If a worker references a work pool that doesn't exist, it will automatically create it as long as the type is provided. 

Configuration parameters you can specify when starting a worker include:

| Option | Description |
| --- | --- |
| `--name`, `-n` | The name to give to the started worker. If not provided, a unique name will be generated. |

> | `--pool`, `-p` | The work pool the started worker should join. |               

Reviewer: @desertaxle Its not clear to me whether "join" or "poll" fits best. "Join" feels more like there is existing work that could be spread out over the workers. "poll" evokes a queuing concept. I think I prefer "poll" but I could be convinced otherwise.

Author: I agree that poll fits better. I'll update!

| `--type`, `-t` | The type of worker to start. If not provided, the worker type will be inferred from the work pool. |   
| <span class="no-wrap">`--prefetch-seconds`</span> | The amount of time before a flow run's scheduled start time to begin submission. Default is the value of `PREFECT_WORKER_PREFETCH_SECONDS`. |
| `--run-once` | Only run worker polling once. By default, the worker runs forever. |
| `--limit`, `-l` | The maximum number of flow runs to start simultaneously. |

> You must start a worker within an environment that can access or create the infrastructure needed to execute flow runs. Your worker will deploy flow runs to the infrastructure corresponding to the worker type. For example, if you start a worker with type `kubernetes`, the worker will deploy flow runs to a Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must start a worker within an environment that can access or create the infrastructure needed to execute flow runs. The worker will deploy flow runs to the infrastructure corresponding to the worker type. For example, if you start a worker with type `kubernetes`, the worker will deploy flow runs to a Kubernetes cluster.
```

!!! tip "Prefect must be installed in execution environments"
    Prefect must be installed in any environment where you intend to run the worker or execute a flow run.

!!! tip "`PREFECT_API_URL` setting for workers"

>     `PREFECT_API_URL` must be set for the environment in which your worker is running. 

Reviewer 2: What does this mean? Maybe "in the environment"?

### Starting a Worker

Use the `prefect worker start` CLI command to start a worker. You must pass at least the work pool name. If the work pool does not exist, it will be created if the `--type` flag is used.

<div class="terminal">
```bash
$ prefect worker start -p [work pool name]
```
</div>

For example:

<div class="terminal">
```bash

> $ prefect worker start -p "my-pool"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
prefect worker start -p "my-pool"
```

Remove `$` so copyable in one click.

Discovered worker type 'process' for work pool 'my-pool'.

Worker 'ProcessWorker 65716280-96f8-420b-9300-7e94417f2673' started!
```
</div>

In this case, Prefect automatically discovered the worker type from the work pool.

To create a work pool and start a worker in one command, use the `--type` flag:

<div class="terminal">
```bash

> $ prefect worker start -p "my-pool" --type "process"

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
prefect worker start -p "my-pool" --type "process"
```

Worker 'ProcessWorker d24f3768-62a9-4141-9480-a056b9539a25' started!
06:57:53.289 | INFO    | prefect.worker.process.processworker d24f3768-62a9-4141-9480-a056b9539a25 - Worker pool 'my-pool' created.
```
</div>

In addition, workers can limit the number of flow runs they will start simultaneously with the `--limit` flag. 

> For example, to limit a worker to 5 concurrent flow runs:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For example, to limit a worker to five concurrent flow runs:
```

<div class="terminal">
```bash

> $ prefect worker start --pool "my-pool" --limit 5

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
prefect worker start --pool "my-pool" --limit 5
```

```
</div>

### Deployment Auto-Registration

> Workers can automatically apply discovered deployments which can be useful for applying many deployments at once.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Workers can automatically apply discovered deployments. This behavior is useful for applying many deployments at once.
```

> To submit a deployment to a worker, move the deployment manifest and accompanying flow code to the worker's flows directory as defined by `PREFECT_WORKER_WORKFLOW_STORAGE_PATH` (defaults to `$PREFECT_HOME/workflows`). The worker will automatically discover and apply deployments when started. 

Reviewer 2: Is this still WORKFLOW and not FLOW? I thought Chris +1'd that change in a previous PR

Workers also poll their flow storage path at the interval defined by `PREFECT_WORKER_WORKFLOW_STORAGE_SCAN_SECONDS` (defaults to 30 seconds) for new deployments and apply them as they are discovered.

### Configuring Prefetch

By default, the worker begins submitting flow runs a short time (10 seconds) before they are scheduled to run. This behavior allows time for the infrastructure to be created so that the flow run can start on time. 

> In some cases, infrastructure will take longer to start the flow run. To accommodate infrastructure start up time, the prefetch can be increased using the `--prefetch-seconds` option or the `PREFECT_WORKER_PREFETCH_SECONDS` setting. Submission can begin an arbitrary amount of time before the flow run is scheduled to start. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
In some cases, infrastructure will take longer than 10 seconds to start the flow run. To accommodate infrastructure startup time, the prefetch can be increased using the `--prefetch-seconds` option or the `PREFECT_WORKER_PREFETCH_SECONDS` setting.  
```

> If this value is _larger_ than the amount of time it takes for the infrastructure to start, the flow run will _wait_ until its scheduled start time. This allows flow runs to start precisely on time.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If this value is _larger_ than the amount of time it takes for the infrastructure to start, the flow run will _wait_ until its scheduled start time. This behavior allows flow runs to start precisely on time.
```
